done gentlemen happened fans
game feel deprived well as the
same way
Apple owners chase new worms
since autumn 2013
and we doubtful ports rejoice with
incomprehensible control fortunately
game developers began to realize that
the android market is much broader about it
I shouldn’t forget
lover of the series as a whole is very pleased that
such a game settle down on a tablet so oh
than me
which worms finally yes all the same channel
filed represents the video review of the game
worms 3 what is the connection you ask third
parts worms on mobile series in general
no poking you is not a port like you
able to understand from the entry completely
new game originally sharpened precisely on
touch screen
you do not need now to knock the mobile
the table due to the fact that the worm off a cliff
now everything has fallen down more prosaically
improved native graphics management and
general mood at the height
so what brought us a pair of worms
words of lyrical digression my
familiarity with worms began with the console
sega in the 90s ended worms world
party on the pis and all kinds of port and me
avoided as a whole port and do not like
each game should initially
sharpened under its platform well
Now you can remember how she was
the third part of the worms kept all
series chips it would be foolish to try
change something already tried at times
worms 3d enough everything is saved exactly
as it should be youth
screaming a little 2d and why such graphics
and that's because it ’s all about it
chip game its charm and even graphics here
generally need a hedgehog
T-shirt We played quite
another reason
it is their gameplay on the one hand
simple and on the other such variable
draws us to the screen whether it's recording
or now here android well what are you i
praise and specifically do not tell
kind of be maybe someone has worms and no rumors
heard briefly describe all the gameplay in
we have a team of worms and the enemy have
you have an arsenal of all kinds of cool
trunks and jokes and the enemy and what
need to do so the enemy put out
for this we take turns walking our own
action movies during the course you can
walk jump aim and shoot
shooting is done by choosing a weapon
on keeping angle of attack and hold
power volley while you need to consider
weather
If the wind is in the face, then the launched grenade
can fly back a few words about
weapons here is something different here
grandma exploding bananas
shahid grenade launchers machine guns in general
what is there just no just for that and
love worms however game worms 3 except
standard gameplay offers us and
various innovations for example several
modes including network where possible by
Internet with a friend cut in the local
the game is also innovation there is a mountain of bodies mode
where one single chirp should
fend off several
or playing with a friend on the same device and
although it used to be but much more
diversity brought the so-called
card thing is that you can include
card game function when before
every turn you can play
several bonus cards for example
reduce gravity for this at the beginning
battlefield we collect a deck mode very
doubtful especially for conservatively
minded players but for beginners
will by the way about the cards
their three types are bronze silver and
gold they are taken in the store for real
except that the game is paid there
microtransactions, though small, can
buy a pack of golden oslo cards
which will help the company with difficulty
them missions and sets of patriots yes to them
dwell in detail if earlier we
could creating a team just give a name
the worms are a little different now
we can customize our whole team
choosing glasses and a mustache cap so here's a set and
patriots from nothing more than items
national style for example hat
ushanka for Russia but otherwise
we are all the same good old thief
which will not get bored and when
how much they are cut so much and
will be cut no less just great
a game that everyone should have
connoisseur of the original worms she sim
you all watched the game worms 3 review
you were kinat and see our other
channel reviews fell to new meetings